hi I'm Kevin Hill and today I thought we
would do another fun painting so let's
get started
we'll start off today with the 2 inch
fresh and a little bit of blue and come
right up to the corners and using big
X's we'll just paint inner sky and let
it get nice and soft for the rest
now with a little bit of blue on the 2
inch brush we can add some water just by
pulling in pulling straight in from the
sides and then letting it get softer and
lighter as it comes toward the horizon
now with just a clean brush we can blend
out this whole sky make it look very
soft and start down at the bottom and
work your way up that way it keeps the
darker color up toward the top and then
we can do the same to the water just
blend it right out very soft
now with the fan brush and some white we
can add a couple of soft little clouds
right up to the upper portion of the sky
just like that
rub them right in now back to the 2 inch
brush we can very lightly blend out
these clouds then fluff them up a little
and then blend it right back down now
with a little bit of black and blue we
can start forming our Mountain I'm just
rubbing in the base coat then we'll come
back and highlight this is very dark
because I want our highlights to show up
now when you're finished with your
Mountain
you can grab a clean brush and pull it
out grab it and blend it and make it
look a little bit softer at the bottom
and it does the top
now with the knife and some white we can
come right up here and begin
highlighting our mountain no pressure
with the knife just let it float right
down very very lightly he pushed you
hard you won't get all this breaking
now when we're done with that we can
take a little bit of blue and light and
add a little bit of shadow this problem
just like that I'm still using almost no
pressure and letting that paint break a
little bit up here just let the knife
float right now now with a clean brush
we can very lightly tap the bottom of
the mountain
to create some mist I'm following the
angles of the mountain and then we can
lift up also following the angles very
lightly make sure not to destroy too
much an amount now with a fan brush and
a little bit of grain we can paint in
some distant background trees very
lightly just kind of tapping with the
brush also you can lift up and get tiny
tiny trees now with the 2 inch brush and
some dark green we can add a little
grassy meadow right back here just by
tapping with the brush and I want it to
be pretty dark because I'm going to add
some highlight right on top now with
some black and blue on the knife we can
make a reflection of this mountain in
the water just like we did before rub it
right into the painting now when you're
done scraping your mountain you can take
that same brush and pull it out just
like we did before making it get a
little bit softer at the bottom now I'm
going to load the knife with some white
and I'm going to break a little bit of
snow right on the reflection
just like that very lightly now back to
that same blue we were using for the
shadow and we can add the shadow side to
this mountain very very lightly now with
the 2 inch brush and a little bit of
yellow and green we can add some
highlight to this grass up here just by
tapping and remember to leave some dark
in between each little H little rolling
hill and that shows some depth and
distance in your painting when you're
done with the grass we can take a clean
brush and very very very lightly just
get right over that mountain now with
some white on the knife we can rub in a
little water line that's like this now
back to that one-inch brush and some
dark green and we can add a few little
bushes right down here maybe we'll even
pull up some grass from this now with
the script liner we can pop up a few
little blades of grass just like that
all right well I think we're done I had
a lot of fun I hope you did too
don't forget to check out my new website
where I have a lot of my original
paintings for sale and also my DVD I'll
put those links below and thanks for
watching